- [Instructor] Once we've provisioned a new VM
we'll need to stand up our API implementation.
To do that, we'll need to run the jar file
on the server using Java and set up DNS resolution.
So the first thing we'll do is FTP
the jar file over to our new VM.
So if we navigate into the VM that we provisioned,
you can find the IP address for the server.
Go ahead and copy that and use that IP
You'll notice on the left hand side,
I am logged in on the local workstation
then our hsports-catalog-server project
packaged in a jar file.
Within Azure, we can scroll down
on the sidebar of the VM console
and you'll see that we can open
up a shell using the serial console.
to make a little bit easier for you to see.
Okay, it's going to prompt us to login,
named api in the root of the server
and then we're going to navigate into that directory
and at this point, we can copy
the jar file
from the temp directory into our api directory.
Now we need to make sure
that Java's installed on the server.
So to do that, you can use apt.
Just apt install default dash jre
and this will make sure we have Java.
Looks like it's already installed
on this machine so go ahead and clear
and then what we're going to do is use the nohup command
and we can use that to execute Java's jar command
and then we can provide some arguments
to the JVM when it starts.
So we do that with a dash D flag
and we're just going to say that we want
the server to run on port 80,
using Dserver dot port argument.
Okay, so we set that to 80 and then we point
to our jar file that we'd like to run
and then just add the ampersand after that.
Go ahead and hit enter.
That's going to fire up our API implementation.
Now, in order to see this in action,
we can go to the Overview tab, copy the IP address
and then within a browser, you can see
that I'm sitting on the local
instance of our API implementation
and you can see that because we're on localhost port 8080.
So if we just replace localhost port 8080
with the IP of our new server,
you'll see that we can actually hit our API endpoints.
So that's great but we don't really
want to have to use the IP address
so let's set up DNS using Azure.
So to do that, you can access the DNS name configuration
on the overview for the VM,
you'll see this configure hyperlink,
click on it and then you just need to provide a DNS label.
So let's set up our DNS as hplus
and then you'll notice we get
the region added for Azure here.
So with that in place, we'll just go ahead and hit save
and that's going to start building
out our DNS resolution for the server.
We can navigate back and in a second here,
we will see that our DNS should take place,
there it is, so let's copy that domain name,
go back to the browser and we're going
to replace the server's IP with the domain name.
And there you go, we have DNS setup
for our API implementation running on Azure.